The Joe Rogan experience. Do you ever do a demographic breakdown of who watched,
like,
does Netflix have a demo demographic breakdown of who watches those crime shows?
Because it's mostly women, isn't it? Anecdotally, that's what everybody says.
There was a funny bit on Saturday night live the other night that was like,
you know, what do ladies do in their home alone? You know, wait, wait, wait.
You know, then they like throw on the murder shows. Yeah. Why is that?
I don't know. It's a weird thing. And when we were making night stalker,
there would like, we would get to the,
the point in the interview where it's finally, you know, I would,
I would ask everybody like, okay, so for some reason or another,
this guy becomes like the Jim Morrison of serial killers.
Because like when he's paraded through the courtroom,
all of a sudden he's got these like groupies and fans and they're sending him.
And I had gotten access to all of the like naked pictures that the girls are
sending in, you know, cuz this author had written a book about him,
had all this stuff and I was like,
and you always have to kind of ask that awkward question of like,
so why does this guy become sort of crazy sex symbol object of Des you
know, obscure object of desire.
And it's always like kind of an particularly with the, you know, the,
the women who are being interviewed, but everybody and nobody quite has an an,
is it the bad boy thing? Is it the celebrity thing?
But this is somebody that like, you know, I think is one of the P people said,
this is somebody that would eat you for dinner. Not like, you know,
there's no it's craziness to have any attraction to it, but yet it exists.
You know, this guy has like groupies and fans and.
It's very common for murderers to get,
especially murderers of women to get all these propositions from
women. Yeah. It's very strange, super strange. And you know,
I read something about that. No,
you know who Whitney Cumings was actually telling me about this? She said she,
she read that it was something that had to do with, there was like, uh,
an evolutionary benefit to getting close to killers like that.
I think this is theoretical in what regard that the idea of it,
it's very hard to kill someone.
Once you have like human personal contact. Is that what you're saying? No.
No, no, no. The, the,
the act of killing someone that it's difficult to do,
that it requires like someone who is
to be capable of taking another person's life and to be close to
that person means somehow or another you're protected by them.
And that they're, they're willing to kill.
And that this is like something that existed thousands and
thousands of years ago in our DNA,
this desire to be close to killers because you were more likely to survive.
Cuz there were so many killers. Like if you went back in time, you know,
a few thousand years ago, murder must have been like really common.
Like when, when people were sword fighting all the time and dude, there's.
A crazy, there's a crazy book on this.
Steven Pinker wrote this book called the better angels of our nature.
And what he does is he tracks over time kind of the nature of violence
in humanity. Yes. And he's like, okay,
once upon a time there's Kane and able and Kane kills able like the murder rate
is like 50%. So actually we've been trending up ever since then. And like,
it literally looks at how, you know,
over the incidence of like violence has actually,
even though it doesn't seem like that dramatically decreased.
In, it does seem like that. It does seem like that.
I think we just focus on the instances of violence because we have mass media.
Right. And.
Because, and it's fascinating.
Yeah. And if it bleeds, it leads so.
There's but, but why is that, you know, like that's something that, you know,
making the night stalker or even making silk road, it's like,
why are we fascinated by the underworld? You know,
the sort of like the worst things that people do to each other, like what is it?
You know, and, and I'm, you're participating in it.
I'm participating it anytime we're watching it, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> making it or whatever, you know, we year old in some way,
complicit in that.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background on while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of Joe Rogan experience.